#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ/ODD EYE CIRCLE - Starlight"
Now we're heading to the next shooting place.
I heard the place is the sea~
Our Lip is dying...
You should understand her.
Because~
Because we almost stayed up two nights in a row~
Anyway, we're on the way to the sea!
The sea is best for us, summer unit! Definitely~
What comes to mind when you hear 'summer vacation'?
Trip
Right. And then where will you go?
I'll go to the US~
And then where will you go after you arrive at the US?
I'll go to LA!
And then where will you go after you arrive at LA?
Then I'll go to the sea!
Right!
I've been waiting for this answer!
Go and play in the sea~
Kim Lip: Go!
JinSoul: Go to the sea!
(Ok! Let's go to the sea!)
(Before we go, let them sleep first!)